h2. SwOOp

Simple Web OOp!

SwOOp is originally a fork from "Spark":https://github.com/perwendel/spark whose goal was to replace JEE Servlet dependency (originally from "Jetty":http://jetty.codehaus.org/jetty/) by a non-blocking and event based HTTP server. After some initial refactorings, this project has emerged as a complete rewriting in order to have a more flexible and easier to test basis. 

After investigation, the underlying HTTP server used will be "Webbit":https://github.com/webbit/webbit which is based on "Netty":http://www.jboss.org/netty.

h2. Quick start

{% highlight java linenos %}
import static swoop.Swoop.get;
import swoop.Action;
import swoop.Request;
import swoop.Response;

public class Hello {

    public static void main(String[] args) {
        get(new Action() {
            @Override
            public void handle(Request request, Response response) {
                response.body("<h1>Hello!</h1>");
            }
        });
    }
}
{% endhighlight %}

Launch the main and view it:

bc. http://0.0.0.0:4567


h2. Developpers

{% highlight bash %}
$ mvn clean test
{% endhighlight %}

Integration/Functionnal[1] tests:

{% highlight bash %}
mvn clean test -Pfunc
{% endhighlight %}


Performance tests:

{% highlight bash %}
mvn clean test -Pperf
{% endhighlight %}

fn1. Whereas it is really debatable, in the case of a middleware library i guess both are strongly related, by the way "don’t worry too much about what you call a test, as long as you are clear on what it does and it does a single thing." -- "The false dichotomy of tests":http://gojko.net/2011/01/12/the-false-dichotomy-of-tests/

h2. Inspirations & Credits

* Spark: "github":https://github.com/perwendel/spark and "Website":http://www.sparkjava.com/
* "Sinatra":https://github.com/sinatra/sinatra
** "Base code":https://github.com/sinatra/sinatra/blob/master/lib/sinatra/base.rb
** "Routing tests":https://github.com/sinatra/sinatra/blob/master/test/routing_test.rb
** "Rake parse_query":https://github.com/rack/rack/blob/master/lib/rack/utils.rb#L65
** "Rake parse_query tests":https://github.com/rack/rack/blob/master/test/spec_utils.rb#L103